that was my mom she's stuck in terrible
traffic okay well that is now the third
sign that I should not leave Emma well
what are the other two well see the
first one is I don't want to and you go
I'm not going just go oh no no you know
what
you're not getting back in there the
baby is fine now scram yeah tell your
story walking
I was just going to say that I left my
keys oh holy moly are we in a pickle now
we expecting the rest of our party
shortly yes they they are expected
presently their arrival is in the offing
right but we do have a table for two
available perhaps you'd be more
comfortable
oh they're common we'll wait right is
Joseph
one needn't worry they they shan't be
long it's just that we do have some
large parties wait no one really does
have a stick up one's ass doesn't one
okay well the super is not home hey you
know what my mother's gonna be here in a
minute and she has the king yeah I can't
wait that long you have to do something
knock that door to hell I would but I
bruise like a peach
besides you know everything's gonna be
fine the baby's sleeping what if she
jumped out of the bassinet can't hold
her own head up but yeah jumped oh my
god I love the water running but you did
not leave the water running please just
just pull yourself together okay wait
did I leave the stove on you haven't
cooked since 1996 is the window open
because if our windows open a bird can
fly in there and oh my god you know like
I think you're right I think you know
what listen listen up a pigeon
no no way no no an eagle flew in landed
on the stove and caught fire
the baby seeing this jumps across the
apartment to the mighty Birds aid the
eagle however misconstrues this as an
act of aggression and grabs the baby in
its talent meanwhile a faucet fills the
apartment with water still ablaze are
looked in a desperate pool that fills
the apartment boy are you gonna be sorry
if that's true good evening miss miss
miss miss okay fine I'll lose all right
you don't have to manhandle me
we're okay thank you
Wow
finally you guys made it
cabe's what the hell
version is hard one time I was about to
leave Russ to go to the beauty parlor
and he got so upset he took off all his
clothes
tucked is Willie between his leg and
cried out mommy I'm a girl take me my
father
somehow over time it got easier to be
apart from you sure she could leave the
baby yeah it wasn't easy but it's your
birthday and I did what I had to do and
that's duty over there at the bar with
Emma but honey it is just for the best
this way I'm not distracted worrying
about Emma how she's doing at home and
then I'm gonna be completely here with
you and oh she spit up
well she spit up Judi she spit Judi look
alive Judi
Thanks woohoo everything looks delicious
what should I have what should I have
never had a woman never hit a woman
you know which administers incredible
boss bruises like a peach he bruises
like a peach okay I'll have the fig
salad and the duck I'll have the soup
and the salmon and remember whatever
comes up first okay and hurry because
it's a little tight isn't it why'd you
get a bigger table you you've had a big
table but they made you move oh shut up
Monica it was fine you're turning into
an obsessive mother okay you need to
stop you guys ever hear the story about
when Ross's mom went to the beauty salon
you mean the Willys story ha ha ha they
already know it
everybody has ordered I would like to
start the celebration and make a toast
to Phoebe she dropped her sock uh-huh
what no Emma dropped her sock mom's here
I wanted to have lunch with her today
she told me she was out of town but she
still has not noticed that the baby's
sock is on the ground good toast will
you please get her attention Oh mommy
for God's sake Judy
I'm sorry was that rude did my loser my
little outburst blunt the hideousness
that is this evening look I know you all
have a lot going on but all I wanted to
do was have dinner with my friends on my
birthday and you are also late and you
didn't even have the courtesy to call
well it's too late now yeah I don't
think that's us well this is this is
this is not over
hello that was Mike Phoebe hi we are so
sorry you are totally right we are here
100% and we love you and we are ready to
start your birthday celebration Oh guys
that means the world to me huh okay I'm
gonna take off what oh I love you guys
too but you know my god off work early
wait wait I'm not that not the kind of
girl that just ditches her friends to be
with her boyfriend you know what I am
duty I sincerely hope the rest of your
party is returning just me all alone
dinner for six for one no you boys are
about to see something really special
how is everything sir excellent the
Shrew in particular was exquisite it
well I hope you've got some room left
happy birthday Joey